[Feature] Sync for manifests and helm chart (#564)
ray-project/kuberay: ray-operator/DEVELOPMENT.md

We have [chart lint tests](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/.github/workflows/helm-lint.yaml) with Helm v3.4.1 and Helm v3.9.4 on GitHub Actions. We also provide a script to execute the lint tests on your laptop. If you cannot reproduce the errors on GitHub Actions, the possible reason is the different version of Helm. Issue [#537](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/issues/537) is an example that some errors only happen in old helm versions.

* Step1: Install `ct` (chart-testing) and related dependencies. See https://github.com/helm/chart-testing for more details.
* Step2: `./helm-chart/script/chart-test.sh`

### Consistency check

> We have several [consistency checks](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/.github/workflows/consistency-check.yaml) on GitHub Actions. There are several files need synchronizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have several [consistency checks](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/.github/workflows/consistency-check.yaml) on GitHub Actions. There are several files which need synchronization.
```

Author: Fixed.
